I want to catch the ball and run
What the hell are you crazy?
Dare to point a gun at big brother
Feng Linghu, this is me and Gucheng Xiongguan Hospital
We have no chance to see the sun without hatred
If you mess with me again, I have to take care of it
Then I'll kill you first.
Qiangzi Lao has been waiting for you for more than ten years
You have to fucking kill them all, don't you?
Someone in the ancient city paid for your life?
You're not going anywhere today.
Hand over the keys to the safe
I can guarantee it won't hurt.
You have a fucking match with my brother, how dare you embarrass Linger
I can give you stuff but you gotta tell me
Who let you come less
Don't call the key crazy
Hello
The key is indeed with me
Here it is.
Here you go
Say who supports you?
I give you a treat
One will be successful
Hahahahahaha
Isn't it just fucking Lin Shengqiang?
Before I die, I will ask you one last time
Who is the madman?
Brother, what I'm saying now
Do you still believe
Say
Brother, the opportunity is coming soon, so hurry up and leave.
Ah!
You fuck
You are Long Xiaoyun's fiancé
The undercover agent who was not sent